[DOCS] Source Data and Datasource Format Update (#8435)
great-expectations/great_expectations: examples/demos/primary_keys_in_validation_results/README.md

## What's in the folder?

> - `great_expectation.yml` file containing a `Data Source` with a `InferredAssetDataConnector` connecting to example data. For Pandas and Spark it is the `.csv` and for sqlite it is the `.db` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `great_expectation.yml` file containing a `Datasource` configuration with a `InferredAssetDataConnector` connecting to example data. For Pandas and Spark it is the `.csv` and for sqlite it is the `.db` file.
```

- `ExpectationSuite` named `visitors_exp` that contains a single Expectation. It is configured to detect non-pageview related entries in the `event_type` column of our data.

> - `Checkpoint` configuration named `my_checkpoint` will run the `visitor_exp` Suite against the data configured in the `Data Source`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Checkpoint` configuration named `my_checkpoint` will run the `visitor_exp` Expectation Suite against the data configured in the `Datasource`.
```
